[docs] Add manage role assignment examples for DVP (#17257)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/pages/virtualization-platform/documentation/admin/platform-management/access-control/ROLE_MODEL.md

- `d8:use:role:viewer`: Allows viewing standard Kubernetes resources in a specific namespace, except for Secrets and RBAC resources, as well as authenticating in the cluster.
- `d8:use:role:user`: In addition to the role `d8:use:role:viewer` it allows viewing secrets and RBAC resources in a specific namespace, connecting to pods, deleting pods (but not creating or modifying them), executing `kubectl port-forward` and `kubectl proxy`, as well as changing the number of replicas of controllers.
- `d8:use:role:manager`: In addition to the role `d8:use:role:user` it allows managing module resources (for example, `Certificate`, `PodLoggingConfig`, etc.) and standard namespaced Kubernetes resources (`Pod`, `ConfigMap`, `CronJob`, etc.) in a specific namespace.
- `d8:use:role:admin`: In addition to the role `d8:use:role:manager` it allows managing the resources `ResourceQuota`, `ServiceAccount`, `Role`, `RoleBinding`, `NetworkPolicy` in a specific namespace.

Example of administrator permissions granted to the `joe` user in the `vms` project:

```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: project-admin-joe
  namespace: vms
subjects:
- kind: User

>   name: joe@example.com # For users.deckhouse.io, the parameter is .spec.email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: joe@example.com # The .spec.email parameter for user joe from users.deckhouse.io
```

  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
roleRef:
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: d8:use:role:admin
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
```

Example of administrator permissions granted to the `vms-admins` user group in the `vms` project:

```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: project-admin-joe
  namespace: vms
subjects:
- kind: Group

>   name: vms-admins # For groups.deckhouse.io, the parameter is .spec.name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: vms-admins # the .spec.name parameter for the vms-admins group from groups.deckhouse.io
```

  - `d8:manage:observability:viewer`: Access to view the configuration of DVP modules (`moduleConfig` resource) from the `observability` area, their cluster-wide resources, their namespaced resources, and standard Kubernetes objects (except secrets and RBAC resources) in the system namespaces `d8-log-shipper`, `d8-monitoring`, `d8-okmeter`, `d8-operator-prometheus`, `d8-upmeter`, `kube-prometheus-pushgateway`.

The module provides two access levels for administrators:
- `viewer`: Allows viewing standard Kubernetes resources, the configuration of modules (resources `moduleConfig`), cluster-wide resources of modules, and namespaced resources of modules in the module namespace.
- `manager`: In addition to the role `viewer` it allows managing standard Kubernetes resources, the configuration of modules (resources `moduleConfig`), cluster-wide resources of modules, and namespaced resources of modules in the module namespace.

Example of cluster manager permissions granted to the `joe` user:

```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: cluster-admin-joe
subjects:
- kind: User

>   name: joe@example.com # For users.deckhouse.io, the parameter is .spec.email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: joe@example.com # The .spec.email parameter for user joe from users.deckhouse.io
```
